In our ministry, we try to find people no matter what obstacles lie ahead.
Unlike Nicaragua, a group of missionaries, pioneers and publishers traveled by boat
to teach Bible truth to families living on hundreds of tiny islands near the city of Granada.
Lake Nicaragua is the largest freshwater lake in all of Central America.
Here you will see stunning natural beauty and a fisherman or two.
But perhaps most important of all are those who are fishing for men.
Reaching on a boat all day sounds very romantic, but it actually involves many, many challenges.
The person has to have a blob experience and knowledge to know where all the rocks under the water
and be able to drive safely.
We don't have to learn just one route, we have to learn every route to reach everyone in these 365 islands.
I remember that one time they came, the wind was really blowing hard
and the driver ran into a big rock.
Then one of the young women aboard fell into the water.
A lot of the challenges have to deal with the cost because a cost here in the boat
we had to be very well organized to find out our date.
Sometimes you will go a whole morning and maybe only talk to two people.
But sometimes when they would come to study with us, well, we didn't want to
and we would tell them that we weren't going to study.
The brothers and sisters still found the encouragement to endure and many blessings as well.
One thing that helps us to keep our zeal even though it's not always easy
is thinking about how much people need to learn about Jehovah
and learn about his kingdom and what's going to happen in the future.
A very special scripture for me is Acts 1 verse 8,
which says that the Jews will be preached to the most distant part of you.
Some older ones have helped us recognize how important modesty is to recognize your limitations
and to work within those boundaries and that way you can actually last longer in preaching in a territory
that's a bit more difficult to actually get to everything.
My husband and I have benefited from being here together
because we've learned to work as a team.
It feels good to know that we spent our years where we were able to use our energy
and all of our efforts to really be useful.
Something that I have learned in this assignment is that it's very important not to give up.
It taught me the need to be very adaptable, very patient, tolerant,
not only with the other brothers but also with myself.
It really touched our hearts to see the enormous effort they made just to visit us at our homes.
We told them, yes, we are going to study with you because you show a lot of love in coming
all the way here to our homes.
We were living the best of lives, so knowing Jehovah has helped us to be more united as a family,
especially for my mom and my brothers.
Thanks to Jehovah into the island preaching work, my sons are baptized,
and my husband is an unbaptized publisher.
I learned the truth when some brothers came down here to the islands and began to preach to us.
Jehovah is real to them now, and I often think of this scripture in HG27 that says
these are the desirable things of the nations, the questions, and they are very precious to us.
People would talk about the witnessing in the islands because it was a very touristy area,
so we would have boats going by full of tourists, and part of the tour was,
that's Jehovah's Witnesses preaching in their boat.
That's the little floating king in hall where they need it.
So Jehovah's name has really been made known in the islands and people now know who they are.
Jehovah has certainly blessed the effort of those brothers and sisters.
In seven years of preaching, over 100 studies were started.
27 have become publishers, and 10 were baptized.